Add docs about configuration (CASSANDRA-15234) (#193)
ekaterinadimitrova2/cassandra: doc/modules/cassandra/pages/new/configuration.adoc

> = Liberate cassandra.yaml Parameters' Names from Their Units

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Liberating cassandra.yaml Parameters' Names from Their Units
```

== Objective

Three big things happened as part of https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-15234[CASSANDRA-15234]:

1) Renaming of parameters in `cassandra.yaml` to follow the form `noun_verb`.

2) Liberating `cassandra.yaml` parameters from their units (DataStorage, DataRate and Duration) and introducing temporary smallest accepted unit per parameter (only for DataStorage and Duration ones)

> 3) Backward compatibility framework to support the old names and lack of units’ support at least until the next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Backward compatibility framework to support the old names and lack of units support until at least the next major release.
```

== Renamed Parameters

> The community took the decision to give the chance to people to decide what units to use for their Cassandra parameters of type duration, data storage, and data rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community has decided to allow operators to specify units for Cassandra parameters of types duration, data storage, and data rate.
```

All parameters which had a particular unit (most of the time added as a suffix to their name) can be now set by using the format [value][unit]. The unit suffix has been removed from their names.

*Example*:

Old name and value format:
....
permissions_update_interval_ms: 0
....
New name and possible value formats:
....
permissions_update_interval: 0ms
permissions_update_interval: 0s
permissions_update_interval: 0d
permissions_update_interval: 0us
permissions_update_interval: 0µs
....

The work in https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-15234[CASSANDRA-15234] was already quite big, so we decided to introduce the notion of the smallest allowed unit per parameter for duration and data storage parameters. What does this mean?

> Currently, Cassandra internals still use the old unit for parameters and in case, for example, you have seconds used internally, but you want to add a value in nanoseconds in cassandra.yaml,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cassandra's internals still use the old units for parameters. If, for example, seconds are used internally, but you want to add a value in nanoseconds in `cassandra.yaml`,
```

you will get a configuration exception that contains the following information:
....
Accepted units: seconds, minutes, hours, days.
....

Why was this needed?
Because we can run into precision issues. The full solution to the problem is to convert internally all parameters’ values

> to be manipulated with the smallest supported by Cassandra unit. Series of tickets to assess and migrate to the smallest unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be manipulated with the smallest supported by Cassandra unit. A series of tickets to assess and migrate to the smallest unit
```

|networking_cache_size_in_mb |networking_cache_size |MiB
|file_cache_size_in_mb |file_cache_size |MiB
|index_summary_capacity_in_mb |index_summary_capacity |MiB
|index_summary_resize_interval_in_minutes |index_summary_resize_interval |m
|gc_log_threshold_in_ms |gc_log_threshold |ms
|gc_warn_threshold_in_ms |gc_warn_threshold |ms
|tracetype_query_ttl |trace_type_query_ttl |s
|tracetype_repair_ttl |trace_type_repair_ttl |s
|prepared_statements_cache_size_mb |prepared_statements_cache_size |MiB
|enable_user_defined_functions |user_defined_functions_enabled |-
|enable_scripted_user_defined_functions |scripted_user_defined_functions_enabled |-
|enable_materialized_views |materialized_views_enabled |-
|enable_transient_replication |transient_replication_enabled |-
|enable_sasi_indexes |sasi_indexes_enabled |-
|enable_drop_compact_storage |drop_compact_storage_enabled |-
|enable_user_defined_functions_threads |user_defined_functions_threads_enabled |-
|enable_legacy_ssl_storage_port |legacy_ssl_storage_port_enabled |-
|===

Another TO DO is to add new JMX methods supporting the new format. This might never happen though if virtual tables provide

> support to change our configuration sooner than later. Discussions and preliminary work are in the making.

Reviewer: Alternate wording:

> Preliminary work is underway to add JMX methods that support the new value format. However, we may abandon this if virtual tables support for configuration changes in the near future.

Author: We don't have tickets we actively work on to do it, so not sure that preliminary work is better than TO DO. The rest I will incorporate. Preliminary work is started for the virtual tables but I wasn't clear.

Author: That is a good point now though when a release is approaching. I will double-check with Benjamin as he had some ticket, I am not sure whether he will have the time to finish it before this release.

- In-JVM upgrade tests do not support per-version configuration at the moment, so we have to keep the old names and value format.
Currently, if we try to use the new config for a newer version, that will be silently ignored and default config will be used.

- SnakeYAML supports overloading of parameters. This means that if you add a configuration parameter more than once in your `cassandra.yaml` -
the latest occasion will be the one to load in Config during Cassandra startup. In order to make upgrades as less disruptive as possible,
we continue supporting that behavior also with adding old and new names of a parameter into `cassandra.yaml`.

*Example*:

If you add the following to `cassandra.yaml`:
....
hinted_handoff_enabled: true
enabled_hinted_handolff: false
....

you will get loaded in `Config`:
....
hinted_handoff_enabled: false
....

https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-17379[CASSANDRA-17379] was opened to improve the user experience and deprecate the overloading.
The plan for improvement is:

1. Fail startup if the duplicate parameters have different values.

2. WARN on startup if duplicates exist but have the same value.

> 3. Provide a system property to opt out of #1.

Reviewer: I would probably just link to 17379, rather than fully summarize the implementation plan. One of these three points could change slightly...

Author: Good point, removed the plan from here
